Welcome back, Ladies and Gents, to another Fantabulous post on the FNF_Thoughts Repo…
What, too cringe, ok, yeah, I see it now.

Today’s topic of interest revolves around our lead character, Boyfriend.
I know, y’all are rolling your eyes, like, Mester, didn’t you just make a post about him and Pico’s relationship
Technically speaking, this post has absolutely nothing to do with Pico, it’s more about the parents

That’s right, it’s time to dive deep (or deep as I can) into the relationship between the Dearests and Boyfriend.
Why do the parents hate Boyfriend so much? Is there a hidden grudge going on? What the actual hell is Girlfriend’s real name?
All these questions and more to be answered right about…now

Ok, so why do the parents hate him so much? Maybe it’s cause he dropped out of college to become a full-time rapper. 
That doesn’t make much sense, though, considering both parents are rockstars themselves (or, in Daddy Dearest’s case, an ex-rockstar).
Maybe it’s the fact that Boyfriend is corrupting Girlfriend. 
That probably could be the reason, considering the Dearests are devils and Boyfriend is human
They probably don’t approve of his actions all that much, to the point where they’ll send hitmen to murder him

Alright, so we’re posed some plausible theories, but now it’s time to get juicy
What I wanna is whether there is a grudge between Boyfriend and the Dearests
That would explain the amount of hate he is getting from them and their overall disapproval of him dating their daughter

So what happened exactly? Did Boyfriend screw up his first encounter with them and almost get them both murdered. 
Maybe he accidentally offended one of them via some secret hobby he has 
(I would see why someone would get offended at BF making those “NSFW” roblox videos for some easy cash, for instance)
Heck, for all we know, it could’ve happened over a mis-seasoning of a salad for Mommy Mearest (she seems like a vegan to me, unless PhantomArcade confirms otherwise)

The final question I posed is regarding the true name of Girlfriend
I’ll admit, I got nothing regarding any sort of hint of her real name
Her real name has been confirmed to be Girlfriend, but I have a feeling the Funkin team knows more than we do here
Or maybe I’m being funkin’ paranoid, who knows?

That does it for today’s post, stay tuned tomorrow for the next one (Perhaps, maybe I’ll decide not to post, you’ll have to see to find out).
And as always, have a wonderful day and treat yourself, you deserve it after all those levels you’ve beat (You do play FNF, right, RIGHT???)


P.S. Not to brag, but I have at least one Golden P for FNF, you’ll never guess for what
